Machine learning guide 10.13 (#296)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/machine-learning/welding-defect-detection-bundle/overview.md

---
title: Overview
layout: redirect
weight: 10

aliases:
  - /predictive-analytics/welding-defect-detection/#overview
---

> Tungsten Inert Gas (TIG) welding is an arc welding process in which a tungsten electrode is used to produce the weld. The electrode is not consumed, and the electrode and weld pool are protected from contamination by an inert gas. TIG welding is a slower, more complex, and more expensive technique than most others. A few defects that can occur during this process are lack of fusion, misalignment, and burn through. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tungsten Inert Gas (TIG) welding is an arc welding process in which a tungsten electrode is used to produce the weld. The electrode is not consumed, and the electrode and weld pool are protected from contamination by an inert gas. TIG welding is a slower, more complex, and more expensive technique than most others. A few defects that can occur during this process are lack of fusion, misalignment, and burn through. 
```
Why is the line "TIG welding is a slower, more complex, and more expensive technique than most others" relevant to the use case?

> One way to catch these defects is with non-destructive testing, in which a weld is inspected visually. In this demo, we use images of TIG welds to build a deep learning model to classify images as containing defects or being defect-free. By leveraging deep learning, we can thus automate inspection of weld quality.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One way to catch these defects is with non-destructive testing, in which a weld is inspected visually. In this demo, we use images of TIG welds to build a deep learning model to classify images as containing defects or being defect-free. By leveraging deep learning techniques, we can thus automate inspection of weld quality.
```

In this use case, we take the following steps:

> * Download the project archive and upload it to MLW.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Download the project archive and upload it to {{< product-c8y-iot >}} Machine Learning Workbench.
```

* Use MLW's integrated Jupyter Notebook to train a model using transfer learning and convert it to ONNX.

> * Use the ONNX model along with the included pre-processing and post-processing scripts to build an inference pipeline, and deploy it to production ({{< product-c8y-iot >}} Machine Learning).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Use the ONNX model along with the included pre-processing and post-processing scripts to build an inference pipeline, and deploy it on {{< product-c8y-iot >}} Machine Learning Engine.
```
